The first example shows how to use the interpreter on a single file `example.c`.
From the directory `examples/00_single_file`, type:

```
../../tis-interpreter.sh example.c
```

The produced log should contain the following line, indicating that
an invalid pointer 'dest' is accessed at line 5:

```
example.c:5:[kernel] warning: out of bounds write. assert \valid(dest);
```
-----

Some C programs or libraries are spread over several files. In this case,
all the files must be provided at once on the command-line. For an example,
go to `examples/01_multiple_files` and type:

```
../../tis-interpreter.sh main.c concat.c
```

The produced log should contain the following line,

```
main.c:11:[value] warning: assert(match format and arguments)
```

This warning indicates that
the argument `buffer` of `printf` does not match the `%.*s` format (reading from
buffer, one runs into uninitialized bytes before the terminating null character).

-----

When the `main` function takes parameters, some of the available choices are
to modify the `main` function, or simply to provide a stub function that calls
the `main` function with the parameters you want.

For an example, go to `examples/02_keccak_sha_3`, a readable implementation
of the SHA-3 cryptographic hash function
(downloaded from http://keccak.noekeon.org/readable_code.html ), and type:

```
../../tis-interpreter.sh -main tis_main tis-main.c readable_sha3/main.c \
                         readable_sha3/sha3.c
```

The analysis of libraries that depend on other libraries requires either to
provide replacement stubs for the called functions, or to list the source
code files of all libraries on the command-line at once. Providing single
pre-processing options that work for all source code files may get tricky.
You may want to pre-process each file according to its needs, and to provide
the names of the pre-processed files on the command-line instead.

-----

The next example, `03_filesystem/main.c`, uses the functions `fopen` and
`fread` to access the filesystem. tis-interpreter provides an
implementation for a virtual filesystem so that this sort of program can
be run. To run this example, we are going to need:

- `examples/03_filesystem/main.c`: the program we are interested in running
- `EXAMPLE.md`: the very file you are reading, used as input by the program

For the directory that contains `EXAMPLES.md`, use the commands:

```
./tis-mkfs -local EXAMPLES.md:EXAMPLES.md
./tis-interpreter.sh --fs examples/03_filesystem/main.c mkfs_filesystem.c
```

The commandline option `--fs` tells tis-interpreter to link in the
filesystem implementation that provides the functions `fopen` and
`fread`. The file `mkfs_filesystem.c` has been generated by `tis-mkfs`
and contains the contents of the virtual filesystem we wish to execute
the program with.

Once the execution per se starts, you should see this file displayed
500 characters at a time. Once again, the program contains a subtle bug
(subtle enough that Valgrind probably does not catch it).
